Hello everybody and welcome back.
A real quick one for you.
But I know some of you will get this.
And if you're working on multiple levels and you want to open up on a default one it can be quite infuriating
having to do that every single time.
So what you can do is obviously go to your content browser as I've been doing and double click on the
level you want to load up.
Great.
Now because we're only really working in the one level the best thing we can do is just by default open
up that level.
So instead of having to do this what we can do is go up to edit and then go to the project settings
we go to the project settings we'll have this option on the left hand side there's a lot here but we
have this option to go to maps and modes.
We click on that.
We've got two options with the default start map.
Now we will revisit the project setting several times throughout this course as we need to change things
rather than go into a deep dive of everything that's in here.
Let's use them when we need to use them.
So here we go.
We've got the editor startup map so all I can do here is go ahead and select the building escape.
Now whenever I open up my project it will open up on the building escape level rather than just the
plain default level that I have been opening up on.
OK so let's test that now.
OK.
Open up building escape and there we go.
It loads up our building escape level.
So that's how you go ahead and change that's over in your project settings.
And we will revisit that ASM when we need to.
I hope you find that helpful.
And I'll see you all in the next lecture.